We could do more exploration.
But at this point we're going to try to do our first attempt to try to solve this problem.
The first thing that we're going to do is to normalize the amount range the amount can go from zero
to any number.
And we're going to try to get that to fit the minus 1 plus 1 range.
This will be useful later on.
So we just leave a comment here to see what you are doing and we will use the standard scholar from
the psychic library.
But we're going to create a new column called are called normalized amount
and we're going to use this standard scholar which is important to fit and transform our original amount
called
and we're going to reshape that two feet deep minus one plus one change.
We will also need to drop the genome Amount column and we're going to just use that drop function to
do that.
So I was missing.
And yes we're going to try that again.
Great.
So we can now see the first columns once more and we're going to see that we don't cap the amount column
any longer but we cannot normalize it.
I'm on cone now.
We're going to drop the time column.
We're not going to use that at this moment.
We're going to just call the same function as before.
And so we're going to verify once more that the column is no longer there.
OK.
Great.
Now we will have to split our data set into the X and the y into the input information that a new term
section will come up.
We will try to predict if it's fraudulent or not and the label that says if the transaction is fraudulent
or not that information is in the plus column right
so we're going to just use simple vital functions to do this
cheer.
We're saying that we will get every going into the X Bible from that data viable except for the column
name.
Last year we're just except exact opposite thing.
We're going to just skip that call
just verify we can see what's you know we're X viable but we can just see it before right.
So we don't have the last call.
And we'll also check that why you buyable and that's only the labels.